# hello-world
hello-world for an adventure along the coding train...
the date is november 9th 2020. I signed up for an intensive 1 year master of software development program through my city's main university. I was attracted to it because it was taught in java. I had been tinkering with processing but found that to get any further I needed some structure and accountability because, well, life, you know. anyway, it was intense and i was doing 12 hours in java most days. neglecting everything else, including my poor children. but then they started teaching other things. things I can see are important if you want to be a software dev, which was the course I signed up for... but I entered the program with a different intent. I wanted to be a better artist and the software dev bit was a convenient side effect. At least that's what I thought it would be like, because I thought I was signing up for 12 months of intensive java programming. I mean, I have learnt a lot, it's just I want to speak java and processing fluently! that's all . I just want to cut through all the bull and get the core skills. Anyway, I am half way through and am about to quit. I will get a post grad cert instead of a Masters but thats fine considering I dont want to be a dev so completing the qualification would be a waste of my time, money, home sacrifices etc ... The only problem is, I am not sure if I can make it on my own.... I am a busy single mum. I'm doing my own home renovation, building a kitchen from scratch etc and it's easy to let things that aren't urgent or that have a consequence fall by the by... lets see how I go, I need discipline. I am very much an all or nothing personality, I'm not good at a little regularly... oh yeah and I get distracted and bored really easily! 
